If you want to wear the crown, you must bear its weight
Excuse me.
It seems that you can't bear the weight of this crown.
Cripple
What to wear and what to bring depends on whether you match it or not
You're a cripple with a limp
Are you wearing a crown?
Don't think your name is Zhenzhen too
Do you really consider yourself a princess?
Four Cripples, before I get angry
Get out of here, you're going too far
This is obviously for real
Why are you driving us away?
Just because his dad is a trash who runs a food stall
What if you report to a rich woman?
It doesn't deserve to be in this banquet hall for a birthday
That's right, only people like us Miss Red
Only worthy of this Yunzhou first five-line hall
Don't think you can pretend to be me by calling Zhenzhen too
A sparrow is a sparrow
Never become a phoenix
Dead cripple like you
Go to that food stall on your birthday
Just eat egg fried rice
What have you been here for?
Do you deserve it?
And add two more eggs to him
Haha, after all
You need a snack on your birthday
You're going too far.
excessive
You pretended to be me and entered this five-star hall
Took my present and moved my cake
Dare to say I'm too much
If I don't give you some color today, see
Do you look down on me?
Dumin
So what's up?
Miss Hong held him down for me
I'm going to take his other leg too
Let him never jump in front of me in the future